in the last Sunday
so we entered a troubled moment
O
last round
accounting for 1,000 cubic feet in the charge for this Sunday
beyond triumph
ten minutes after the cross the ball went up
leader in the entry segment
Chick
I do not remember
that is what happened
the gaucho seal
far beyond what I'm going to beat the Flemish for one side the cruise tried
score the third goal
- I really believe in common
denounce a committee presided over by the
who left his goal in the face of the goal are the caetano goal of flamengo in defeat
from penalty shootout
A penalty shoot-out in Zé Roberto A penalty shot in favor of Flamengo
I intend to have the Flamengo goal léo moura part of the time
pretty
marcelinho collected a corner well closed.
new world county
I ask you
in the sight of the half marquinhos and my players did not come face-to-face from
player hit the goal
cross-operation
in the family or muricy environment
lots of space the way he likes the right
ahead of the box
caught neneca
in this rhythm the passage of the event
the next year came face to face with the open goal hit him you win if
hit 4
The reason would be to have a card
chu out
rafael gallardo
are hundreds of Jews and victim protection
came face-to-face in uniti old age
new seven dead
I did not advance anything
in the middle
antonin
after excellent move of petkovic and finalization of the Serbian hit the crossbar
right
attentive zé roberto as it is practically the brazil makes the third 3 to the
flamenco 1 x 0 santo andré